adding HSDP as sharding strategy for FSDP training composable with PEFT (#281)
facebookresearch/llama-recipes: README.md

```bash

torchrun --nnodes 4 --nproc_per_node 8 examples/finetuning.py --enable_fsdp --low_cpu_fsdp --fsdp_config.pure_bf16 --model_name /patht_of_model_folder/70B --batch_size_training 1 --dist_checkpoint_root_folder model_checkpoints --dist_checkpoint_folder fine-tuned

```

In case you are dealing with slower interconnect network between nodes, to reduce the communication overhead you can make use of `--hsdp` flag. 

> HSDP (Hybrid sharding Data Parallel) help to define a hybrid sharding strategy where you can have FSDP within `sharding_group_size` which is the minimum number of GPUs you can fit your model and DDP between the replicas of the model specified by `replica_group_size`.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
HSDP (Hybrid sharding Data Parallel) helps to define a hybrid sharding strategy where you can have FSDP within `sharding_group_size` which can be the minimum number of GPUs you can fit your model and DDP between the replicas of the model specified by `replica_group_size`.
```
